[Menu] Use ButtonBase in MenuItem (#26591)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

  You can use the [`use-transitionprops` codemod](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/material-ui-codemod#use-transitionprops) for automatic migration.

- Default `anchorOrigin.vertical` is changed

  ```diff
  {
    - vertical: 'bottom',
    + vertical: 'top',
  }

>   ```

Reviewer: I see two issues with this new entry. 1. We don't explain why we did the breaking change 2. We don't make the migration path easy for the developers (the diff is about what happened, which is interesting but not how they can revert back).

Reviewer: Prefer something like this (active forme):

````suggestion
- Change the default value of `anchorOrigin.vertical` to follow the Material Design guidelines. The menu now displays below the anchor instead of over it. You can restore the previous behavior with:

  ```diff
   <Menu
  +  anchorOrigin={{
  +    vertical: 'top',
  +    horizontal: 'left',
  +  }}
  ```
````

Author: a lot better 👍

### MenuItem

> - the `ListItem` inheritance is replaced by `ButtonBase`. ClassNames related to "MuiListItem-\*" are removed and theming `ListItem` is no longer affecting `MenuItem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `ListItem` inheritance is replaced by `ButtonBase`. ClassNames related to "MuiListItem-\*" are removed and theming `ListItem` is no longer affecting `MenuItem`.
```

  ```diff
  - <li className="MuiButtonBase-root MuiListItem-root MuiMenuItem-root">
  + <li className="MuiButtonBase-root MuiMenuItem-root">
  ```

> - prop `disabledGutters` is removed.

Reviewer: Active voice.

```suggestion
- Remove the `disabledGutters` prop.
```

Reviewer: Are you sure we need to remove this prop? Would it make sense to keep it in to minimize BCs?

Author: I will bring it back.

  You can use the [`use-transitionprops` codemod](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/HEAD/packages/material-ui-codemod#use-transitionprops) for automatic migration.

> - Change the default value of `anchorOrigin.vertical` to follow the Material Design guidelines. The menu now displays below the anchor instead of on top of it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Change the default value of `anchorOrigin.vertical` to follow the Material Design guidelines. The menu is not displayed below the anchor instead of on top of it.
```

Author: I think this one is already correct. With the new behavior, the menu displays below the anchor.

  You can restore the previous behavior with:

  ```diff
   <Menu
  +  anchorOrigin={{
  +    vertical: 'top',
  +    horizontal: 'left',
  +  }}
  ```

> - The `MenuItem` component do no longer inherits `ListItem` but `ButtonBase`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `MenuItem` component inherits the `ButtonBase` component instead of `ListItem`.
```

I think this is better.

  The class names related to "MuiListItem-\*" are removed and theming `ListItem` is no longer affecting `MenuItem`.

  ```diff
  -<li className="MuiButtonBase-root MuiMenuItem-root MuiListItem-root">

>   +<li className="MuiButtonBase-root MuiMenuItem-root">

Reviewer 2: Let's also add this BC:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4512430/122163704-e4cbf780-ce75-11eb-8a44-dfefee4b89d5.png)

And please update the PR description as well :)
